Mom, do you still remember to suppress other people's noobs?
Who told you to talk like this?
This is what my father-in-law wrote.
My dear Nonuo, please promise me to tell me something sour and sour,
You lied to me!
If you don't fuck me, I'll be fierce. Just wait.
Now for you, fully declare the Lord,
Master, why are you here?
Even though I came to attend Zhan Yun’s wedding, you already know,
Of course, this wedding may not be what you imagined.
I'm afraid I'll get in trouble with you, but you can come and participate,
I still wanted to be happy. I thought we would never have the chance to meet again in this life.
Master, this is just a matter, are you talking about death and getting married?
If this is the case
I am here thangka
Is there another chance?
But I really did it voluntarily
Then why are you
Time is a long story
I won't say
Right big thing
Have you found a place to live again?
if not
I have a guest room on the second floor of my house, that would be great
I should miss you so much in October
But now he
should be my grandfather
Where is the fifth old man I brought with me?
You can see him in the evening. Grandpa October is not here.
Grandpa is still among the talented sons
Bo Bo with other uncles
I don’t know the house yet
I came back first but
Maybe I want to ask you for a favor